Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
(sewing machine clicking)
- Thank you.
- Morning. ladies.
- Hi. Cindy.
Mother of the bride.
- On it.
- Wait. Hold on.
What's wrong?
This was
her own mother's wedding.
Married 60 years.
Think of that. 60 years.
See the lace there?
I'd like to incorporate that
in our dress. Don't you think?
Mm-hmm. She is going to love it.
You're always adding
that romantic touch.
And someday.
your name is going to be
on these dresses.
Yeah. Someday.
Cindy?
In here.
Where I always am.
Great news.
The Bremmers
are adding a cocktail party
before the wedding.
All new dresses.
Oh. Um. but isn't that
supposed to be when--
Rebecca:
Next week.
We're just going to have to
roll up our sleeves
and work a little overtime.
Um. Rebecca. I promised that
I would give them some time off.
Oh. I'm sorry. But the Bremmers
are one of my biggest clients.
The paparazzi will be there.
This could be another cover.
Uh. I know. It's just we. um--
I'll pay you double time.
I promise.
(Rebecca chuckling)
Tinkering again?
Oh. yes. Um.
Rebecca. I thought on this dress
if we rounded
the bottom up more towards
the knees in this dress.
it would actually--
- Help?
- Help.
Smooth out the curves.
Mm-hmm.
Good idea. Yes. I like it.
Nice.
- (phone ringing)
- (gasping)
That's Mrs. Bremmer.
Keep at it.
Heidi. darling.
Mrs. Bremmer: Rebecca. darling.
Thank you so much.
I know it's late notice.
but we can't be caught
in the same dresses.
Rebecca:
Not a problem at all.
In fact. I made a slight change
to your dress.
Very subtle. but it'll
curb the curves just a little.
if you know what I mean.
Mrs. Bremmer:
You're a genius. Rebecca.
(laughing)
Yeah. Genius.
(chuckling)
How long are you going to
keep covering for her?
I am not covering for her. Reg.
I'm just doing my job.
No. you're doing her job.
They're your designs. Cindy.
You should start
getting credit for them.
I know. You know.
it's always been my dream
to have my own design line.
Yeah? Well. you are the wizard
behind the curtain.
Rebecca promised that she'd
help me start my own brand.
It just has to be
the right timing.
It's never going to be
'cause without you she's done.
You know. she's going to dangle
that carrot forever.
No. I'm not going to let
that happen.
And besides. Rebecca.
she toiled herself for years.
and she is a genius
when it comes to business.
And you are a genius
at designing dresses.
They should be your own.
They will be. someday.
Mm-hmm.
Reporter: And some fun news
in this morning.
This year's
Hamilton Charity Ball
is going to be held right here
in Philadelphia.
at the Hamiltons' historic
Chestnut Hill Estate.
America's largest and most
opulent private residence
is home sweet home
for Gerald. Gloria.
Virginia and Brooke Hamilton.
As everyone knows. the Hamiltons
are American royalty.
Gerald and Gloria Hamilton
are close friends
with the royals.
and Gloria Hamilton herself
hinted that
Prince Ronan Higgins.
considered to be
the world's
most eligible bachelor.
may in fact be
the guest of honor.
Of course.
the burning question is
who will be Prince Ronan's date?
The Hamilton ball is going to be
a who's who.
and the most sought-after
invite of the year.
In other news--
Rebecca: Gloria Hamilton had a
falling out with Rachel Mann.
the biggest designer in Europe.
Rebecca. the party
is only two weeks away.
This is the opportunity
of a lifetime.
I'm going to need more staff.
This is my in to
the highest-level client.
I mean.
think of the rarefied air.
- And a raise.
- You want a raise?
No. For my current staff.
They haven't had
a day off in a month.
Agreed.
How many dresses do you need?
Gloria Hamilton.
Her mother-in-law. Virginia.
Daughter Brooke.
Whoever Prince Ronan brings
as his date.
Somebody new. I'm sure.
I think the expiration date
on his lady friends
is a month or less.
So. that's at least four.
Who knows how many others
she'll invite?
Okay.
but it's only two weeks away.
and we have the Bremmers
and all our other clients
that we have to take care of.
I know.
And when we're done with this.
we'll talk about more than
just a raise for the others.
You mean helping me
start my own brand?
Before too long.
Prince Ronan
will be forced to get married.
If I do this right.
I'll be designing
a royal wedding.
I wouldn't ask. you know--
Of course.
Fantastic!
(chuckling. sighing)
Oh. I have to leave.
I'm having lunch
with Gloria Hamilton.
and I have to get my nails done.
I'll let her know everything's
going to be perfect.
Seriously?
I know. I know.
It's going to be a lot of work.
But if we get this done.
you're all going to get
a week's vacation. paid.
And you're all going to get
a raise.
Let's get to work.
♪ I used to think
you learned the lesson ♪
♪ Crossed her off the list
♪ But now your phone
is ringing all day ♪
♪ Mine has no battery
♪ Some say it's okay
you're lying ♪
♪ Listen. baby
why are you crying ♪
(woman singing indistinctly)
♪ I'm sorry that
you were the missing ♪
♪ At least in my heart
♪ And now it's crumbling down
Oh!
(laughing) I'm so sorry.
Ah. I'm sorry.
- I did not mean to scare you.
- Oh. that's okay.
I. uh-- I'm really sorry that--
(gasping)
(both gasping)
You're Prince Ronan Higgins.
Yes. I am. last I checked.
And you are?
Cindy.
Cindy Cordella.
Last time I checked.
Cindy. you have a--
You just have a--
- Oh. I have a--
- Yeah.
(gasping)
Oh. Oh. Hmm.
Full makeup.
Hello.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt
your work.
No. No. it's fine.
It's totally fine. actually.
Um. we were just working on
all the dresses for the party.
Well. Mrs. Hamilton's party.
Nice. Rebecca Raslyn.
Gloria says
she's the best available.
Is she here?
Uh. no. She's actually out
having lunch with Mrs. Hamilton.
Right.
Now that you mention it.
I think I'm supposed to be
there. My mother--
The queen?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
This is just very weird.
Right.
Well. the queen has charged
Gloria with my care.
She's like an aunt to me.
I love her to death.
but she's driving me crazy.
You'd think I was a schoolboy
the way she's watching over me.
I don't think
she's even realized
I've snuck out on my own.
Why do some of these
have Rebecca Raslyn's name
at the bottom
and these ones don't?
Oh. Well. I always have to
make minor alterations.
Your job is what. then?
Head seamstress.
Seamstress.
Minor alterations?
Um. yes. I get impulsive ideas.
You see. I like to dare myself
to be spontaneous.
Spontaneous?
Yes. As in. well.
I get ideas in my head.
and before they leave my head
I have to get them on paper.
which. I know.
seems very out of character.
since I'm just Ms. Raslyn's
head seamstress.
But you wouldn't know that
about me.
because you don't know anything
about my character.
I'm sorry. Phew.
I am talking too much.
Well. since you're
the seamstress.
maybe you can help me.
Uh-huh. Of course.
What can I do with you?
For-- For you?
You do more than just dresses?
Specifically.
suits and the like?
Yes. We do a lot of suits.
I do mean something more in line
with royalty. I hate to say.
Yes. I can do that.
Ms. Raslyn can do that.
definitely. She can do anything.
Perfect.
As you can imagine.
what I normally wear
to this sort of thing
can be quite stuffy.
I thought I might change it up
a little.
What did you have in mind?
Well. this is considered
a private event.
So. I don't need to wear
any official attire.
I just don't want to look too...
(snapping fingers)
...stuffy.
- Yes.
- Yes. Okay.
Have you ever considered
growing a Van Dyke
or a Verdi or a Garibaldi?
- (laughing)
No. See. you know.
my grandfather. he was
rather famous for his Garibaldi.
so I like to avoid that.
Okay.
What about a Fu Manchu?
(giggling)
Less stuffy.
if that makes any sense at all.
Mm-hmm.
Yes. That makes a lot of sense.
Well. I'll pass on
all that information
to Ms. Raslyn for you.
I would appreciate that.
Well. okay.
I should let you
get back to work.
Yes.
It was nice to meet you.
Cindy Cordella.
You too. Prince Ronan.
Just Ronan. please.
But don't tell Mrs. Hamilton.
She'll tell the queen.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
Nice meeting you all.
Workers:
Nice to meet you.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
"I just get these spontaneous
ideas in my head.
and I just have to
get them down on paper."
Okay. Go to lunch. or
you're all going to get fired.
All right. All right.
Hi there.
Hi.
Uh--
No family crest?
Pardon me?
Well. you said you want to look
less official.
so no royal crest on the jacket?
Yes.
I meant to say that before.
Thank you. Good.
After the "Fu Manchu" comment.
I thought you might try to
dress me up in a clown suit.
You jest.
Right. Well. thanks.
Yeah.
Actually. no.
That's not why I'm back.
Would you like to have lunch?
Lunch?
Yes.
- Moi?
- Qui d'autre?
Oh. no. I'm sorry.
I couldn't possibly.
Well. why not?
Well. you're Prince Ronan.
We established that earlier.
And I'm me.
We established that. too.
I know. but that's the point.
What's the point?
Well. why would someone like you
want to go out with
someone like me?
Why would someone like you
want to
go out with someone like me?
- Who wouldn't?
- Exactly.
But aren't you supposed to be
having lunch with
Mrs. Hamilton and Ms. Raslyn?
I guess I was just feeling
spontaneous.
In the moment. impulsive.
Out of character. even.
But you wouldn't know
it's out of character.
because we only just met.
That's a good answer.
So?
So. you can just do that?
You can go to lunch
with a perfect stranger?
So. you're saying
you're perfect?
Oh. no.
I'm definitely not perfect.
I jest.
And I can assure you.
even members of the royal family
need to eat.
But don't you usually get mobbed
by people and paparazzi?
Guess we'll find out.
Okay.
Rebecca:
Cindy?
- Oh. crud.
- What?
Rebecca:
Cindy?
Oh. double crud.
I thought it'd be a good idea
to take a rendering or two
to show Gloria.
Have you come up with any--
Ms. Raslyn. meet Prince Ronan.
Oh. my.
You are Prince Ronan.
(gasping)
Rebecca Raslyn.
It's such an honor to meet you.
The pleasure is all mine.
Are you joining us today
for lunch?
No.
Something has actually come up.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. That's unfortunate.
- Cindy. actually.
- Cindy what?
I was just asking Cindy
to lunch.
Oh. I'm so sorry. your highness.
I don't think that's
going to be possible.
You see. we're under
tremendous pressure
to get all the dresses finished.
So she said.
Another time?
Yes. Of course.
And I'll see you at the estate.
for the fittings?
- I'll be there.
- Perfect.
Uh. allow me to escort you out.
Thank you.
And you know. remember.
Less royal.
Ronan:
Thank you very much.
What on earth was that about?
Oh. we were just discussing
what he was going to wear
to the ball.
- And?
- And nothing.
He actually asked you to lunch?
Actually. yes.
Cindy. sweetie--
Not to mention we don't
fraternize with the clients.
He's a member
of the royal family.
The press would have
a field day.
Besides. his reputation
precedes him.
Don't get involved in
some romantic folly.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Cindy:
Rebecca is right.
There's no way he was asking me
out on an actual date.
You're talented and smart.
Why wouldn't he?
But he's a prince.
I'm not royal.
- Oh.
- I can't go out with him.
Well. maybe the fact that you're
a commoner is appealing to him.
He has a reputation. you know.
Expects me to fall for him
at his feet.
Stop.
What makes him a royal. anyway?
Just 'cause he was born into it?
They get built up
like some mythical beings.
But some of them
are actually humans.
You always hear about
supermodels
who never get asked out 'cause
guys are intimidated by them.
Well. maybe it's the same thing
with him.
He was really nice.
That's a start.
No. I mean. he was real.
He wasn't trying to put on
a show.
There was definitely
a connection between us.
Didn't you see the connection?
Huh. I saw some drool coming out
of the side of your mouth.
Okay.
No. That did not happen.
But when he came back.
he was just real.
Then Rebecca.
she had to put an end to it.
- Oh. Shocking.
- I know.
She told me
not to get caught up in
the romantic follies of it all.
which is her way of warning me
to stay away.
Hmm.
So. when are you seeing him
again?
I don't know. sir.
- Now. get with your sewing.
- Okay.
That butterfly
does not look good.
Sure.
(doorbell buzzing)
Concierge: Hamilton estate.
May I help you?
Yeah. Hi.
My name is Cindy Cordella.
I'm here to do a fitting.
Concierge:
I can't hear you.
Oh. My name is Cindy Cordella.
and I'm here to do a fitting.
(chuckling)
Concierge:
Your name. please?
It's Cindy Cordella.
I work for Rebecca Raslyn.
Concierge:
Do you have an appointment?
Hello? Are you still there?
Yes. I'm here.
My name is Cindy Cordella.
I'm here to do a fitting
for the ball.
Concierge:
May I have your name?
Thank you.
Wow.
You must be Cindy.
Gloria Hamilton.
Oh. I know who you are.
It's very nice to meet you.
Well. we're very excited to wear
Rebecca Raslyn to the ball.
And so pleased that
she was willing to take on
such a massive undertaking
on such short notice.
Only the highest standards
will do.
Yes. Especially when hobnobbing
with such honest politicians.
humble public servants
and. lest we forget.
unassuming royalty.
Ordinary would never do
around here.
My mother-in-law.
Virginia Hamilton.
Oh. It's very nice
to meet you as well.
Aren't you adorable.
Are you married yet. dear?
Mother--
Oh. Uh. married? Um. no.
Not at all.
Oh? Why not?
Oh. Virginia. please.
Well. there must be a reason.
Well. I guess I haven't met
the right guy yet.
Maybe the right guy
hasn't met you.
Virginia.
leave the poor girl alone.
Can we get started?
Oh. yes. Of course.
If we put all the money
that we're spending on the ball
toward the charity.
we wouldn't have to have
a ball at all.
The point is to raise awareness
for the charity. Mother.
The world will be watching.
especially with Prince Ronan
as our guest.
It has to be perfect.
It always does.
Where would you like to set up?
Well. wherever there's
enough space.
In that case. any room will do.
Follow me.
This is all for the ball?
Well. most of it. yes.
But we're also hosting
a private dinner party
for some of our
more prominent guests.
Oh. There's also a dinner party?
Oh. relax.
We already have our dresses
for that.
Not as formal.
We wouldn't want to upstage
the ball. would we?
No. Of course not.
You can set up here.
I'll get the others.
Thank you.
So. your boss allows you
out of the cellar after all.
When I'm good. yes.
My offer still stands. you know.
And what offer is that?
Lunch.
Oh. Well. it turns out
I'm not allowed to
fraternize with the clientele.
Well. they've told me
not to fraternize
with their seamstress.
so we're even.
But the difference is
I'll get fired.
You won't.
After seeing your alterations.
I don't think your boss
is going to be firing you
anytime soon.
I don't think you know
Rebecca Raslyn.
You don't know the Hamiltons.
Very tight with my mother.
She's given them carte blanche
to treat me
like one of their own.
I have to toe the line.
But I'm willing to risk it
if you are.
How are your designs coming?
I'm sorry. Your alterations.
Look. I didn't articulate
my job description very well.
These are all Rebecca Raslyn's
designs and hers alone.
Uh-huh.
Julia:
There you are. Ronan.
I thought you were waiting
for me in the parlor.
I got distracted. Sorry.
Ah. This must be our designer.
Uh. no.
She's the head seamstress.
Oh. Julia Gilmore.
Oh. Cindy Cordella.
I work for Rebecca Raslyn.
Ah. Well. we're all excited.
I'm not as hip
to American fashion
as some of the others.
but I hear nothing but the best
about Rebecca Raslyn.
She's wonderful and amazing.
Hmm.
Well. I'll be with ladies.
my darling.
Nice to meet you. Cindy.
You asked me to lunch.
but you have a girlfriend.
I don't have
a girlfriend.
Then who was that darling?
She is not exactly
my girlfriend.
"Not exactly" means "sort of."
which means
the question still stands.
It has been put upon us to be
each other's date to the ball.
By whom?
My mother. of course. The queen.
She and my father are quite
eager to get me married off.
To the right sort. of course.
And I take it that she is
the right sort?
They seem to think so.
Which means. Ronan.
you have a girlfriend.
Not exactly.
Ronan. I think it'd be best
if you leave the young lady
to her work
so that we can get started.
Yes. Of course.
Sorry I distracted you.
I think you'll make her
uncomfortable
if you sit and watch.
Well. Gloria.
I'm getting fitted as well.
Isn't that right?
What we discussed yesterday?
You've already met?
Yes. At their workshop.
Cindy. the ladies would prefer
another room.
Less of a chill.
Uh. in what room in this house
isn't there a chill. Gloria?
If you'll follow me once again--
Oh. yes. Of course.
(papers rustling)
I will await you here.
for my sizing.
Brooke. this is our seamstress.
Cindy:
Hi.
Hi. I'm Brooke Hamilton.
Oh. yes. You are Mrs. Hamilton's
daughter. correct?
Yes. That is right.
Are these the designs?
Yes. I have several options
for you.
All I need to do is
take your measurements.
and voila.
You'll be wearing the latest
Rebecca Raslyn for the ball.
Well. I'm sure
it's not that simple.
Her staff will be working day
and night to get these done.
Oh. yes. they will.
My number is on the back
of this card
if you have any questions
between now and then.
I think we'll be fighting over
a few of these.
Oh. I'm wearing that one. Sorry.
What do you think
will compliment me best. Cindy?
Oh. I really think that
you'll look fantastic
in anything.
You're very sweet.
We really should be asking
Rebecca. Don't you think?
Well. isn't she coming?
I mean. surely
it'd make a difference
if she actually met us.
Yes. Well. today is just about
discussions and measurements.
and then I'm going to relay
all that information to Rebecca.
Yeah. But she can't know
exactly what we should wear
until she meets us.
Brookie. you're in good hands.
Brooke:
What would you know about it?
You've known her five minutes.
I'm sorry. Is there no respect
for the royal opinion
on this side of the pond?
Apologies. I had no idea
that you were interested
in being a fashion connoisseur
until now.
Brooke. Ronan is our guest.
Maintain decorum. darling.
Don't mind us.
Oh. no.
Ronan is like a brother to me.
Yes. The cherished and respected
brother you always wanted.
- You're so charming.
- Enough.
On that note. I am going to
leave you ladies to it.
- Cindy?
- Mm-hmm?
Yes. I will take
your measurements.
- I will start with you. Julia.
- Yes.
Where's grandmother?
She will have a meltdown
if her dress isn't right.
I'll go find her.
Be kind.
Oh. I think your figure
is going to be perfect.
Julia:
Nonsense.
I've put on a pound
since last month.
Do you want to go back to
looking stuffy?
Uh. pardon?
Well. I still need
to measure you.
Unless you want to go back to
your old standard royal threads.
which you say
you always have to wear
at these sort of events.
Hmm.
No. I'd like the Cindy Cordella
special. please.
You mean Rebecca Raslyn.
If you say so.
She has something in mind
for you
that I think you'll like.
Be sure to tell her
I appreciate that.
Take off your jacket. please.
I. uh--
Sorry about the confusion.
My situation with Julia.
Is it really that confusing?
Yes. in fact.
Then why did you
ask me to lunch. then?
Must I really need a reason
to ask you for lunch?
Great works are performed
not by strength.
but patience and perseverance.
Can I quote you on that?
I think I read it
in a book somewhere.
(Cindy sighing)
You still didn't answer
my question.
Like I told you.
it was a spontaneous moment.
Impulsive.
and maybe out of character.
Must a prince
always be in character?
Well. you do tend to
gallivant the globe.
accumulating
a certain reputation.
Well. I suppose.
It may not seem like it
from my public persona.
but my life is so mapped out.
I hardly get to make
many choices of my own.
See. my parents are grooming me
to be something
that I might not be.
Is that the future king?
That's part of it.
And does that life include
the future queen?
But of course.
It's all part of
the royal public image.
And Julia comes from
a powerful political family.
It's all part of the chess game
that politics are.
I probably shouldn't be
boring you with all of this.
No.
I thought you were being
nicely spontaneous.
which is okay by me.
Okay. then.
When I came to town by myself.
no press. no handlers.
no posing for the paparazzi.
you know. it was the first time
I'd done that in a long time.
It was refreshing.
You were refreshing.
Which is what brought out
that moment of spontaneity.
I guess.
Because of
your momentary freedom.
or me?
Both.
That's an honest answer.
But the fact remains.
you have a girlfriend.
She's not my girlfriend.
Does she know that?
Ah. Julia. Hi.
You have trunks full of tuxes.
Do you really need
to be tailored?
It would be inappropriate
to wear something outdated
to such a big event.
The press can be rather harsh
on things like that. right?
Yeah. Yes. Right.
Right.
Virginia is ready for you.
Oh. yes. Of course.
Excuse me.
Any wondrous plans
for Saturday evening. dear?
Um. no. I'm just working.
We are having a dinner party
here Saturday evening.
You should be our guest.
Oh. no. I couldn't possibly.
But thank you so much.
Why not?
Mother. the dinner
is in honor of
our guest. Prince Ronan.
And?
And I wouldn't dream of inviting
someone without his consent.
Well. in that case.
I think it's a marvelous idea.
Unless you have other plans.
Brooke:
Honestly. Ronan.
She'll be working
on our dresses.
and I mean. it'll be a miracle
if they're done in time
as it is.
Then it's settled.
Ronan:
I say it isn't.
Wouldn't it be
a good opportunity for Cindy
to spend a bit more time
with everyone.
get to know them
a little better?
Get to know us?
Yes. Uh. to inspire
more personalized dresses.
- Exactly.
So. it's settled.
I am so confused.
Aren't you the seamstress?
Quite right.
It does seem more prudent
to invite Rebecca.
so that she can more personalize
our dresses.
Well. you know. Cindy is
her eyes and ears. and--
It's a very exclusive list.
For crying out loud.
Gloria.
invite them both if you must.
There'll be enough food
to feed Philadelphia
and half the poor in the state.
The poor girl
is working her tail off
making you look better
than you are.
Grandmother!
Gloria:
Very well.
Please attend as our guest.
I think it's a great idea.
In fact. bring a date.
Do come to the dinner
party. dear.
I have a feeling that you won't
be the only one who's inspired.
- Ronan. darling--
- Yes. Of course.
Reggie:
So. you're going?
Yeah. I'm going.
It's a work thing.
Unreal.
You're actually going to
Prince Ronan's welcome party.
So is Julia. just to be clear.
Uh. his not-girlfriend?
No. It's his girlfriend.
Trust me.
There's big a difference
between a girlfriend
and a date. and he told you
she's just his date.
Yeah. but she doesn't think
that he's just her date.
and that matters.
All that matters
is what he thinks.
I think he's confused.
Un-confuse him.
No. I'm not doing that.
I'm not playing that game.
He should know what he wants.
Yeah. He does.
You should have seen
all their faces
when the grandmother
invited me to go.
They were all looking at me
like evil stepsisters.
Oh. Which could lead to
a fairy-tale ending.
What you doing?
Oh. I was just checking
the flow and the movement
of the dress.
- It works perfectly.
- Okay.
- Rebecca: Cindy?
- Oh. in here.
I need something to wear to
the dinner party. Any thoughts?
Yes. You have a few dresses
you haven't worn.
I will pull them from storage.
(chuckling) Okay.
Nothing too formal. so I'm told.
Rebecca?
Yes?
I was asked to the party
as well.
The Hamilton party?
(laughing)
Don't be silly.
Oh. yeah. She was invited.
We already discussed
fraternizing with the clients.
No. no.
It's nothing like that.
Actually. um. Virginia Hamilton
asked me to attend.
You see. they're all
a bit concerned about
what they're going to wear
to the ball.
So. the thought is I would go.
I would get to know
their personalities.
See how they walk.
how they interact.
That way. you can design
their perfect dress for them.
Hmm. I guess I see
the wisdom in that.
I'm going to help you branch out
on your own.
but right now it's important
that the Hamiltons
and Prince Ronan and his date
show the world
they are wearing Rebecca Raslyn.
And they need to know
if you know what I mean.
So. is that a yes?
You have my blessing.
Just do your best to blend in.
The last thing we want to do
is draw attention to ourselves.
Her blessing?
All a means to an end.
Yeah. Whose end?
(heels clicking on floor)
(ringtone sounding)
Hello?
Is this Cindy?
Uh. yes. Who is this?
It's Julia.
Gilmore.
Prince Ronan's date.
Oh. yeah. Hi.
Sorry to bother you. but
I wanted to let you know that
the other girls and I.
we've decided to have
a little fun
for the dinner party.
We're going to dress casual.
Super casual. to be comfortable.
if you know what I mean.
Oh. Really?
It'll be absolutely brilliant
to see the look on their faces.
Oh. yeah. Okay.
Are you sure?
Yes. of course.
Let's all have
a sense of humor about this.
It'll be good for Ronan.
I hope I can count on you?
Yeah. yeah. Of course.
Of course. Yeah.
I. um-- I definitely have
something casual lying around.
so. yes.
Wonderful. See you here.
Talk to you later. Bye.
(beeping phone off. sighing)
Casual.
Hi there. Thanks so much.
(glasses clinking)
My.
What a unique choice.
Yeah. I think I misunderstood.
You see. I got a phone call
and someone told me that--
Help yourself to champagne.
hors d'oeuvres.
Thank you.
Did you not get my text?
Oh. no. I clearly didn't. No.
Oh. I'm so sorry. dear.
We decided--
Well. Mrs. Hamilton caught word
and forbade us.
She was certain
it would get back to
their majesties.
Brooke: Prince Ronan
is under her guardianship
as well as her hospitality.
after all.
and didn't want him
to be embarrassed.
They have no sense of humor.
(both laughing)
(laughing)
Yeah. I think I'm going to
go home and change.
- So--
- Oh. nonsense.
You look better than
most of the people here.
Come. Let's get you a drink.
Oh. no. That's okay.
I think I'm going to get myself
a drink.
Oh. I'll have a little.
Thank you.
(sighing)
Well. you look good.
Mmm.
Ooh. That's a bad T-shirt.
though.
I think
I could have done better.
It's really inappropriate.
Which one of them
put you up to this?
Does it matter?
You possess trust.
That's a good thing in my eyes.
Besides.
my instinct was correct.
And what instinct is that?
You're a threat.
(laughing)
Me. a threat? Mm-mmm.
You're the type of person
who makes these kind of people
uncomfortable.
'Cause you're real.
and it reminds them
that they're not.
You stand out.
Makes them jealous.
Just make sure you get
the last laugh.
Right. Well. good job
fitting in. Cindy.
You only live once. Heh.
Well. great works
are performed not by strength.
but by patience
and perseverance.
Ah. Have you eaten?
No. I haven't.
and I am so hungry.
Ah. Well. come.
Gloria. darling.
Rebecca. you look marvelous.
Ah. You always know
just what to wear.
Oh.
So many people are waiting
to see you.
Oh. Ms. Raslyn.
the designs you came up with
for our dresses
are positively perfection.
Oh.
We are so excited.
Well. you ladies
certainly make it easier
to define beauty.
- Oh. thank you.
- (laughing)
You're too kind.
(laughing)
Excuse me.
Why are you wearing that?
(laughing)
I'm teasing.
I'm envious.
Have you noticed how
everyone in this family
always seems to be
posing for a photograph.
even though one
isn't being taken?
You look really beautiful
tonight. Mrs. Hamilton.
Oh. please call me Virginia.
Although it takes
a lot more work at my age.
But just once. I'd love to
be able to be seen in public
wearing normal clothes.
Don't take that for granted.
I won't.
- You're a dear.
- Oh. thank you.
(both laughing)
All right. everyone.
Here we go.
- Man: Oh. my. Look at him.
- (woman laughing)
(people applauding)
What are you doing?
Trying not to fit in.
Honestly. Ronan. the
photographers will be here soon.
Perfect. Everyone. gather round.
Form a circle.
So. since this party
is being held in my honor.
I thought that we would
continue a Hamilton
tradition before we dine.
Now. those who want to play.
pick a card.
Ronan. dear--
Prince Ronan.
- (chuckling)
- Joking.
(everyone laughing)
So. uh. I don't get to
play these games much back home.
so I appreciate if
you just would indulge me.
Pick a card?
Thank you.
Okay. Not you. dear.
Ah.
Ronan:
Pick a good one.
Perfect. Cindy?
I'm not really a part of
the traditions here.
You are now.
Come on. Pick a card.
It'll be fun.
Nice jeans.
You're not
the only outcast here.
Okay. So. first game up.
- Minute to Win It.
- (people gasping. murmuring)
Now. you will have one minute
to pass this ball
from your elbow
to your partner's.
but you can't touch it
with your hands.
If you're playing.
put your card in the box.
Thank you.
- No peeking.
- I won't.
Thank you.
Get it in there.
Yes. Get it in there.
(laughing)
(rattling)
Okay. So. first up. we have...
...eight of diamonds.
(gasping. laughing)
That's me.
Perfect. And then next. we have
the queen of spades.
That's me. (laughing)
Great. So. Brookie.
you have called first.
You get the ball.
Thank you.
Ronan:
Go.
Okay. Um--
Man:
Here we go.
- Onlookers: Oh!
- Oh. Oh!
- (laughing)
- Close.
Okay. Do it again.
Ooh. Ooh! Ooh!
(onlookers laughing. shrieking)
Wow.
- Been practicing?
- Hardly.
Next up. we have
the ace of diamonds.
Hmm. Well.
And then playing with you.
we have the--
Ah. Jack of hearts. My card.
Onlookers:
Oh.
Would you be so kind?
Thank you. Cindy. come on.
- (laughing)
- Can you start with the ball?
Count down for us.
starting now.
This is so silly.
- Come on.
- All right.
Just a minute. All right?
Oh. Oh. Careful. Spin.
- Okay. It's fine.
- (laughing)
It's okay. Okay. Okay.
- All right.
- Okay.
Now. you all right? You okay?
- Yeah.
- It's okay. Come on.
- Ah!
- Oh. no.
- (shrieking)
- Onlookers: Oh!
Ugh.
I am so sorry.
- I am so sorry.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- It's an accident.
- I am so sorry. I--
Ronan:
An accident. It's okay.
(footsteps pattering)
I need another dress.
Ronan:
What are we doing out here?
(chuckling)
Ah. well.
the valet said it
was going to be a while.
so I figured that this spot
was the safest place to hide.
No one's that upset in there.
Come on. It got a good laugh.
I ruined Brooke Hamilton's dress
in front of everyone.
Brookie?
Well. she's already changed
into one of her hundreds
of others.
Okay. It didn't start with
just the dress.
They've all been
looking at me like that
ever since I walked
through the door.
That's probably
because you're wearing
that very bad T-shirt. Whew.
Okay. Hey. Mr. Rock 'n' Roll.
Rock 'n' roll.
I did not know that you rocked
and rolled.
- Got to rock out.
- (chuckling)
Look.
The Hamiltons can be difficult.
They have their moments.
But they're not always nice.
Yeah.
Nice would have been nice.
(sighing)
I should have known better.
Then why did you come?
Why do you think?
Yeah. Me. too.
Except you're not the world's
most eligible bachelor. Ronan.
You don't even realize it.
do you?
Or if you do.
then you're just as bad
as your reputation.
My reputation?
You have a reputation
with the ladies.
Well. that's just the press.
and yes. I have dated a lot.
but that's because I haven't
found the right woman yet.
Doesn't mean I'm not looking.
- (both shrieking)
- Oh. my gosh.
(both laughing)
- Woo!
- (laughing)
Here. (laughing)
- Okay. Okay. Let's go in.
- Woo!
(laughing) Let's go.
Ronan:
Warming up?
Yeah. finally.
Is everyone else still here?
Uh. pretty much just everyone.
Is there a back door
that I could go through?
Yes. but you'd have to
walk past several windows.
and your clothes aren't dry yet.
Not a party you'll soon forget.
(groaning) Please.
Oh. do not remind me.
You made it better.
Well. I'm glad that
I was everyone's entertainment
for the evening.
I am definitely going to
lose my job now.
No. We both know
your boss can't fire you.
You're the real reason
she's a success.
And people should know
who the actual genius is.
Well. I admit to
being the designer.
And I would love
to own my own shop one day.
But my job with Rebecca is
a part of the path.
She's not a terrible person.
and I really couldn't do
what she does.
Which is what?
Fit into this...
...high-society world.
Well. maybe it should be
the other way around.
People like them
trying to fit into your world.
No. My world is not
the kind of world
that should be on the cover of
magazines. Trust me. (chuckling)
Lucky you.
Why are you so unhappy?
You're the royal prince.
Exactly.
When I was about eight.
I. uh--
I used to help my grandfather
restore antique furniture.
He used to say
that he needed something
that he could see
and touch and feel.
You know. when
we restore something.
we're really restoring
part of ourselves.
It was the thing that I loved
most in the world.
before I was sat down
and told of
my noble obligations.
That's one of the reasons
why I like coming here.
I can be myself.
So you'd rather restore antiques
than be the prince?
(laughing) No.
But I want to make sure
I'm doing something tangible.
Philanthropy. You know.
I've spent my adult life
dedicated to
humanitarian efforts.
things that I know will make
the world a better place.
I mean. it's the least service
that my life should attend to.
Well. to me.
that's the very definition
of being noble.
But aren't you're in a position
to do all those things?
I'm heir to the throne.
I'll have other. more pressing
responsibilities.
What is the real reason
that you asked me to lunch?
I was being spontaneous...
...in the moment...
...out of character.
Cindy:
Exactly.
So. be spontaneous.
Be out of character.
Live in the moment.
No one can stop you from
living your life.
Not even the king or queen.
Excuse me. Ronan.
but Gerald has some people
he would like you to meet
for cigars in the parlor.
Right. Um. well--
Don't go anywhere.
Plus. Virginia wants
you to spend the night.
- She insists.
- (chuckling)
She can't wait to see
what happens in the morning.
Julia:
I know he's asked you to stay.
but your van is ready
and waiting.
I think it's best if you leave.
Oh. Okay.
Thanks.
Cindy. you know you make it
obvious to everyone.
I make what obvious?
Clearly. to everyone but you.
I came here tonight
on business. That's all.
Except you didn't need to be
here on business. did you?
No. I guess I didn't.
I don't blame you.
I'm not even mad. actually.
which is kind of weird.
because I should be. I think.
Thing is. certain feathers
just don't flock together.
You have a crush
on Prince Ronan.
Who doesn't?
But don't fall for it.
You're going to get hurt.
What do you really like
about Ronan?
That really isn't any
of your business. is it?
You made it my business
the second you pulled
that prank on me.
You want to know
who went out of his way
not to make me feel stupid
tonight?
Ronan.
because he's a nice person
who feels crushed
under his family's obligation.
He's been down
this road before. dear.
Then he comes to his senses
and realizes there's one
universal truth in his life...
...one day being king.
And not even the sweetest
little dove in the world
can change those feathers.
I know you're not
going to believe me.
but I'm actually looking out
for you.
- Virginia: Cindy?
- Cindy: Oh.
You're not leaving.
It's getting late.
Mrs. Hamilton.
It's Virginia. please. and yes.
it is very late.
You should stay.
I appreciate that.
but I do need to get home.
Cindy.
some people in this family
like you very much.
Most people don't like you
at all.
but that has nothing to do
with you.
Now. in light of my
sanctimonious self-indulgence.
I am very particular about
the dresses I wear.
especially to a ball.
So. I would like to see you
back here
to discuss said particulars.
Okay. Yes.
You know. it's very difficult
to have patience
with other people's vanity.
It's so offensive to our own.
Good night.
(ignition turning)
Cindy!
Cindy?
(door opening)
Come inside. Ronan.
What did you say to her?
Only what I had to.
(groaning)
(something scraping)
(scraping continues)
You really do like getting
your nails dirty. don't you?
Not very fitting
for a future king. is it?
Maybe it'll make you
the people's king.
Peace offering?
Thank you. Yes.
Did you hear the news?
No.
Your father is going to
step down from the throne
at the end of the year.
Why didn't he call me?
The queen spoke to
Mrs. Hamilton.
Apparently. they feel it's
the only way to rein you in.
so to speak.
I'm not ready to become king.
Is it really so bad?
Uh. don't answer that.
I'm sorry you feel so obligated.
including with me.
You've never felt
like an obligation. Julia.
But it was a lot of pressure.
and that was two weeks ago.
Things have changed.
They certainly have.
You were happy
at the dinner party.
It was the first time I've seen
you laugh in a long time
that wasn't being
faked for the cameras.
I like that side of you.
I just wish I was the one
that made you feel that way.
Julia. I--
(beeping phone on)
(phone ringing)
I'm doing the right thing.
For who?
(Cindy sighing)
Hey. Cindy. It's Ronan again.
I'd love to speak.
if you can call me back.
Bye.
(beeping phone off)
Rebecca: Please. please tell me
you'll have them done on time.
Well. it's going to be close.
but yes.
we're going to get it done.
Okay. Two days until the ball.
Final fittings are tomorrow.
After that dinner party fiasco.
we need to exceed
their expectations.
I'm really sorry
about what happened.
Let's put it behind us.
Water under the bridge.
All will be forgiven
when they see my work.
(Rebecca laughing)
You know how I appreciate you.
all of you.
all your hard work.
Your time will come. I promise.
Oh!
(snapping fingers)
I should have mentioned this
before.
I've been invited
to attend the ball.
No shock there. but
I wasn't sure for a moment.
You must come up with
something fabulous for me.
Another dress?
Rebecca:
Yes. of course.
It's for me.
I'll leave it up to you.
and I'll inform the Hamiltons
that everything
will be on schedule.
"Oh. and I should
have mentioned this before.
(chuckling)
Another dress."
We'll work around the clock
and we'll get it done.
You'll make them look great.
There'll be no stopping you.
No. There never is.
And tomorrow. officially.
you are all going to be on
a week's vacation. paid.
I don't want to see
any of you in this room.
especially you.
(laughing)
And there'll be no stopping us.
either.
No. there won't be.
Love that blue.
Mmm. Oh. the chocolate
eclair is divine.
You must try that one. Mother.
Mmm.
Hello. everyone.
(gasping)
The dresses.
Cindy:
Yes. There's still time
to do any more last-minute
alterations before tomorrow.
We can try them on one at a time
and present them to each
other like a fashion show.
Can we finish with
the caterer first?
We'll only be a minute.
Oh. yes. of course.
I'll go set up.
Yeah. Sure. Okay.
(zipper rasping)
Hi there.
Hello.
Any particular reason why you
haven't been answering my calls?
Oh. I've just been really busy.
For a phone call?
Look. I don't understand
why you keep on calling me.
Your situation is very clear
and to the entire world.
You're going to be king. and...
...I really don't fit into
that equation.
I thought we had
this conversation.
I just need to
concentrate on my work.
Yeah. Sure.
Might I see mine. at least?
Yes. of course.
Um. you said you
didn't want to look
too royal or too majestic. so--
It's exactly perfect.
I'm glad.
You're a genius. Cindy.
Thank you.
I knew you were
a designer from the start.
- May I?
- Yes.
Well. I'll let the ladies know
you're ready when they are.
(sighing)
(screaming)
No! Oh. no. Oh. no!
(panting)
(gasping)
What are we supposed to wear?
I'm going to fix it.
- The ball is tomorrow.
- I'm aware of that.
This can't be happening!
I'm handling it.
Mother. I am not wearing
anything from a store.
I'm going to handle this.
Please. just don't tell
Mrs. Raslyn.
There is no time.
I'm going to fix this. Trust me.
Cindy. it's not the end
of the world.
It's the end of my job.
It's the end of everything I--
For what it's worth.
the look on their faces
was priceless.
Julia?
Can I speak to you. please?
One moment. please.
This whole thing with Ronan...
I want him to be happy.
I wasn't ever really after him.
I was after
what it would mean to have him.
Suddenly. that doesn't
feel good enough anymore.
It's just hard for either of us
to get out from our own shadows.
What do you think that
I should do?
For starters. fix the dresses.
if you can.
(chuckling)
I think the rest
will take care of itself.
Good luck.
(phone ringing)
Rebecca! Hi.
Oh. no. no. no. I have
everything under control.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. No. no. Uh. hello?
Oh. I think we have
a bad connection.
Hello? I can't hear you. Hello?
(beeping phone off)
Okay. Cindy.
You've got this. Woo!
We got this.
Ronan.
What are you doing here?
First. just to see
if you were all right.
Yeah. I'm fine.
No. no. I'm not fine.
We ran out of fabric
for the original dresses.
so I have to use
what I have in stock here.
which meant all-new designs.
You just designed
four new dresses?
Cindy:
Yes.
That's amazing.
Where's Rebecca?
Well. she's in New England.
She won't be back
until tomorrow.
Right. The rest of your staff?
They're on vacation.
- Then it's just me and you.
- Uh--
I don't know anything
about fashion
or sewing or any of this.
but if I can restore things
with my hands.
I'm sure I can be of some help.
Okay.
Let's put you to work. then.
Right. So. uh. the ball is
at 8:00 p.m. tomorrow?
Yes. Right.
The ladies will need.
what. 30 minutes to get ready?
Two hours.
Two hours? Okay.
It's just after 6:00.
which gives us almost--
Reggie:
24 hours.
Cindy:
Reggie! (laughing)
Wait. What are you doing here?
Rebecca texted me in a panic.
I thought that
you were on vacation.
I haven't started
my vacation yet.
Or am I interrupting something?
- No. no. Just--
- No. not at all. I mean.
you know. and besides.
all hands on deck.
as they say.
Oh. Tell us what to do.
Well. let's lay out the fabric.
- Okay. See this drawing here?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay. So. I have it
sketched out. So. take this.
You fully understand. right?
- Of course.
- Okay.
(speaking indistinctly)
Do this. Go around. and then
you're going to pin each--
Okay. Perfect.
Okay.
Oh. Okay. There you go.
Sure. Use me as a model.
(Cindy laughing)
Go on.
That's my--
That's my other tie.
I'm going to wear this as a tie.
The green.
(whispering)
Ronan.
Ronan?
Oh. I know these are very--
- No. it's all right. I'm good.
- Long hours.
- I've got this. It's all right.
- Yes. The time change. too.
Okay.
Now. this dress--
That looks good.
Okay.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
- Gloria: Ronan.
- Gloria.
Where are you?
What time is it?
6:05.
Nobody can get a hold of anyone.
Cindy. Rebecca--
No one is answering their phone.
We are in a panic here. Ronan.
I'm going to call you back.
Oh. jeez.
Wake up. Cindy.
Who eats pineapple pizza?
(chuckling)
Cindy. it's after 6:00.
Reggie. it's after 6:00.
- After 6:00?
- (Cindy moaning)
I have a dozen missed calls
from Rebecca.
Oh. no. Oh. no. no.
(panting)
Rebecca. hi.
Cindy. don't hang up. It's me.
Cindy. please.
Please tell me you got it done.
Yes. Yes. we got it done.
Oh. I don't want to call
until I know what to tell them.
Are you at the estate?
- Can you speak up?
- We are on our way.
You're on your way? "Our way"?
Who's with you?
I'll see you there. Bye.
Uh. hello? Hello?
Oh. no.
We actually got it done?
I wasn't just dreaming that.
right?
- We finished.
- Ah.
Nothing can go wrong now. right?
What could possibly go wrong?
Do you want me to come with?
Oh.
Um. if you could just help me
get the dresses
in the garment bag.
- then you can be on your way.
- Okay.
I love you so much. Reggie.
You're getting another raise.
You know it.
Okay. You did it.
I did it. Thank you.
- (Cindy chuckling)
- Um...
- Okay.
- Let's go.
- Yes. Oh.
Ronan:
I'll take two and you take two.
- Oh. perfect.
- Okay.
Well. all things considered.
I'm happy you're here.
Ronan:
Hmm.
Where were you all night?
Out.
- Out where?
- Does it matter?
No.
Uh. why don't we get you
all dressed? Um--
- Yes.
- They should all fit.
Nothing has changed.
You really did
all of this last night?
Yes. Up until the last minute.
literally. (laughing)
I guess I'd better go
get cleaned up as well.
Stay. At the very least.
you should see
these dresses on them.
Yes. at the very least.
I'll be back.
(sighing)
- Cindy?
- Cindy: Mmm?
Gerald:
Rise and shine. young lady.
(chuckling)
Cindy. wake up.
The ladies
are on their way down.
Oh.
Gerald:
You won't want to miss this.
(Ronan and Cindy chuckling)
Thank you. Ah.
- Wow.
- (gasping)
- (applauding)
- Spectacular.
- (laughing)
- Thank you. Cindy.
Brooke:
Oh. I look beautiful.
It's perfect.
Thank you.
Uh. where is Rebecca?
She deserves
all our praise and more.
I certainly hope
you stitched one together
for yourself. Cindy.
Oh. Oh. Oh. no.
This is your party.
and you look beautiful.
You look stunning.
Oh. thank you. dear.
I was somewhat partial
to the chocolate fondue motif.
but it'll do.
All right. everyone. Photos.
Over here. Come on.
Gerald. come.
Right between us. please.
Hurry up.
- Yes.
- Hello.
- Come.
- (Gloria laughing)
(shutter clicking)
- I'll be right back. okay?
- Okay.
Rebecca:
I'm so sorry I'm late.
Traffic was a nightmare.
Rebecca. darling.
we are at a loss for words.
Oh.
It's the most perfect dress
I've ever worn.
Virginia: Yes. and mine makes
me look 20 years younger.
Or maybe that was the brandy.
Your choices are incredible.
Ronan: Perhaps you should heap
your praise
on the person who actually
deserves the credit.
What on earth
are you talking about?
Ronan: It may say "Rebecca
Raslyn" in all the headlines.
but she is not the one
who designed these dresses.
Ronan. don't. please.
I'm sorry. but that's simply--
Cindy is more than
just the head seamstress.
She is the genius
behind all of this.
How could you say such a thing?
Because it's true.
I watched her do it.
You watched her do what?
Sketch. cut. construct.
all of it. last night.
so that you all
could look so incredible.
You were with her last night?
Yes. I was.
I helped. Sort of.
It was a privilege
to watch you work.
She deserves recognition.
Ms. Raslyn.
At the very least.
a little gratitude.
Rebecca. this can't be true.
I built a world-renowned brand
from the ground up.
and I take great pride in that.
But for the last five years.
the credit for this
goes to Cindy.
This is long overdue.
young lady.
I am so confused.
You mean she is actually
Rebecca Raslyn?
No. not literally.
But for all practical purposes.
she certainly is.
You saved the day once again.
young lady. Bravo.
- Bravo. (laughing)
- (Julia applauding)
Well. this is a shock.
All right. everyone.
The guests will be arriving
any minute. Ronan?
We have much to discuss
before they get here.
The press will want
to know your reaction
- to the king's decision.
- Thank you.
You've bided your time
long enough.
And I don't want to lose you.
What would you say to
becoming my partner?
(both laughing)
Uh. really? Your partner?
Well. after tonight.
my house is going to be
more prestigious than ever.
- Deal.
- (shrieking)
(both laughing)
Thank you so much. Rebecca.
- Go.
- Okay.
Coming. Yoo-hoo! Wait for me.
Yes.
Gloria:
Let it go.
Is that by order of the queen?
Yes. and I agree.
You've been like a son to me
all these years. Ronan.
I'm looking out for you.
Is it because she doesn't meet
the royal standard?
You can't just fall in love
with a common American girl.
She's not common at all.
I've heard you say that before.
This time. it's different.
I'm responsible for you here.
I gave your mother my word.
And yes. she's a lovely girl.
but not quite the mold.
And like it or not.
that's the world we live in.
but the same world
that you will soon have
other. more pressing
responsibilities.
Well. I guess I was just feeling
impulsive.
out of character. spontaneous.
Try being a good member
of the royal family instead.
Who else could I possibly be?
♪
You can't be a wallflower
as king.
They'll never allow it.
When I am king.
I'm going to sign it into law
that if the king
doesn't want to dance.
he doesn't have to dance.
Then it's going to get awkward.
I think we're expected
to cut a rug.
Yeah. We'll have to
cut something. anyway.
How come you didn't tell me
how you felt about everything?
Because you didn't want to
hear it.
I suppose you're right.
Um. nothing happened
between me and Cindy.
Yes. it did.
It's been happening for
a while now.
I think you just might be
in love with her.
- Julia. please. I--
- It's all right.
It's not like I've been
completely counting on
this arrangement. either.
I mean. I wanted it. true.
but for different reasons.
I see now
how different we are.
If I'm being honest.
I had felt a bit obliged to it.
Stop worrying about tradition
and what everyone thinks.
You sound like Cindy.
Then she must be
in love with you. too.
Ronan. you're a great man.
I'm just
a different kind of person.
Less romantic. more practical.
(chuckling)
Now. there's a Hamilton
I could wrap my arms around.
Who. Bill?
Julia:
If he plays his cards right.
he's going to be president
one day.
and I always thought
it would be rather fun
to be the first lady.
And where does that leave me?
Happily ever after.
if you play your cards right.
Where on earth are you going?
Suddenly feeling
a bit impulsive.
Go for it. I won't tell
anyone where you've gone.
Thank you. Virginia.
Have fun.
(sighing)
- Man: Cindy?
- (gasping)
Cindy?
Cindy!
Ronan!
What are you doing here?
Aren't you supposed to be
at the ball?
Not without you.
(chuckling)
Ah!
Good evening.
- Hello. darling.
- Mrs. Hamilton.
you're out-dancing
everyone half your age.
Age is a number they put on
your death certificate.
- Youth is a state of mind.
- (laughing)
(people applauding)
You outshine us all.
♪
Is this how
it's supposed to end?
No.
This is just the beginning.
Then I dare you...
to be spontaneous.
Now. I dare you
(rock music blaring)
(onlookers gasping. laughing)
(applauding)
(laughing)
(rock music continues)
(light orchestral music resumes)
♪